in the end we can see enola in tewksbury
race to his manner to confront the
perpetrator
but they're in for a rude shock lying in
wait for them is the assassin
extraordinaire
the nolan and the assassin battle it out
while the vike count watches from afar
the nolah goes toe-to-toe with the
assassin and knocks him out cold
then the real perpetrator reveals
herself tewksbury's grandma
and intends to finish the assassin's job
luckily for him
tewksbury escapes by the skin of his
teeth and a presence of mind
the next day he attends the vote for the
reform act and casts the deciding vote
the act passes he and enola exchange
lovesick glances with each other in part
ways
vowing to see each other again meanwhile
sherlock with all his bravado arrives at
scotland yard
only to learn that his sister got there
first and has since vanished
the renowned detective and minecraft
attempt to trick nola into meeting with
them
but the budding sleuth pulls out tricks
of her own and leaves them stumped by
her whereabouts
binola returns home to find a surprise
waiting for her
not sherlock or mycroft but her mother
in the very flesh
eudaria confesses to her involvement in
the women's suffrage movement
and reveals the dinola beat her to her
own goal
mother and daughter rejoice in their
reunion but not for long
eudaria has to conceal her identity and
go underground
leaving enola to her own devices enola
understands her mother's compulsion
and vows to send her arises coded
messages should the need arise
after her mother departs enola affirms
her empowerment and cycles away to glory
so question is why did eudoria vanished
from young
eudaria has ingrained in her daughter
the importance of empowerment
she brings anola up on a diet of
feminist literature comprising the likes
of mary wollstonecraft she instills in
her the art of defense
she teaches her to fend for herself and
submit to no one
nonetheless it dawns on yudori of that
should the women's suffrage movement not
take flight
her daughter will remain slave to the
systemic misogyny that continues to
infringe their rights
to achieve her ends eudaria will go to
drastic and even violent lengths
as evidenced by the dynamite she stores
at limehouse lane
her radical politics make her a moving
target for assassins
tewksbury's grandmother was prepared to
sacrifice two of her heirs in the name
of her misinformed ideals
if eudaria pursued her progressive
agenda in plain view
her own life and that of enolas would be
in grave danger
in true revolutionary fashion eudaria
vanishes underground
she leaves a trail of breadcrumbs for
nola to sniff out and trace back to
london
but no further if push came to shove
eudaria was ready to take militant
action to guarantee the passing of the
reform act
fortunately for her her own daughter was
more than capable of taking care of
business
and eudoria's hand was not forced
you